Let's do this. Woo.
# still comments out code. Always fun. Is this the case for all languages, or is it just common?
Print outputs text strings
A variable stores a piece of data, no matter what that piece is. 
Assigning thigns to variables is still <variable = thing>
From here on out I'm gonna try to mark example code with <>
Variables can store numbers, booleans, and other stuff I'm sure
I think typical style is to indent with four spaces. 
Is there a difference between indenting with four spaces and TAB with tab set to be 4 spaces?
Booleans have two possible values, true and false
In python, True is not the same thing as true. Which is weird I think but whatever.
ints and floats are still not the same thing. Latter has decimals, former does not. Can not. 
Python bits of code that are empty on the end will have None on a seperate line at the end of their output. 
Not sure what exactly constitutes it not being empty on the end.
Does printing something turn it into a string before outputting it, like Ruby does?
Re-assigning a variable still erases entirely what was there before, replacing it with the new assignation

In python, indented space has a function beyond stylistic. 
Indentation actually effects the running and functioning of code!
When indentation is wrong, an IndentationError will be thrown out (not sure if that's the right term?)
Functions are still a thing. I'll go over that later.
Functions don't automatically print or return anything. 
For functions to return anything upon being ran, the <return> keyword has to be actually used
comments are still made using #
Multi-line comments are done as such:
"""multi-line comment starts here
and continues
and continues
and ends
"""
Apparently it's also fine if the last set of quotation marks is on the same line as the last comment-line but whatever
I think I like coding in Ruby better, it felt a lot more... fluid, and such. But I suppose Python will be fun too once I learn it\
Basic math is still a thing. Following is assigning various variables from math <
addition_var = 2 + 3
subtraction_var = 11 - 3
multiplication_var = 11 * 5
division_var = 11 / 3>
As with ruby, a math expression is essentially in a parentheses, and ONLY the value that is returned from the parentheses as a 
whole matter s to the rest of the code. What fun what fun.
As always, numbers can be combined with other code objects to make more complex-programs.
Exponents and exponentation are still a thing, oh boy.
Both integers and floats can be exponentated <
print 2.5 ** 2>
yields 6.25
So as you can see this shit works yo. What fun
The exponentation sign is ** just like RUby
LJike in Ruby, the space between numbers and signs is optional, though recommended, and obviously the spaces between numbers are mandatory
modulo is still a thing, still returns the remainder from a division, still fun.
<print 3 % 2>
yields 1
Modulo is still fun, can still be used to determine if something is odd, even, prime (with a little work), all that fun stuff
Apparently codecademy has a pro version now, which has quizzes and the like. At least they didn't take anything form the free sections for it
Strings are generally marked with quotation marks, and are made up of letters, numbers, all that stuff
Pretty much any character available can be part of a string, and, unless modified, will not become active in any code-stuff near it.
That is to say, even if we have "False", it still won't be recognized by Python as a boolean, because it's a string
Escaping characters remains a thing, it's a way of making things be in strings that normally Python would recongnize as breaking the string
So to make the string "We haven't got all day!", we would have to put in the code:
<"We haven\'t got all day!">
Because escaping is generally done with a backslash, you see.
Like in Ruby, Python tracks the indexes of the characters in a string (and I'm assuming also in hashes and arrays and such)
Also like in Ruby (and I'm assuming every other language), tracking indices starts with 0, such that the first character's index is 0
So, for example, we could do the following things:
<string = "MONTY"
print string[3]
#would output "T"
print "MONTY"[1]
#Would output "O"
>
As you can see, the index of something is called using brackets.
This can also be done directly on the string, or on a variable holding the string
Remember that it's brackets, not parentheses! Parentheses are used for other things by python
String methods are methods used to mess with strings, and the stuff inside 'em
len() returns the length of a string. So:
variables essentially return whatever they're holding.
What this means is that we can also use an object wherever we'd normally use a variable holding the object. meaning we can do either 
<print len(string_var)
print len("string_var contents")>
either would print out the length of the string there
Oh, also, the parentheses after a method are where you put the method's target. Like above, the method acted upon the string_var variable
wow
I'm... not sure what the difference between object.method() and method(object) is, but... there is one.
Anyway!
lower() returns the string all lowercase
upper() returns the string all-caps
<string.lower()
#returns "string contents"
string.upper()
#returns "STRING CONTENTS">
str() turns non-strings into strings
non-strings can still be printed, I'm assuming that Python also turns non-strings into strings before printing them
methods that use dot notation ONLY WORK WITH STRINGS
METHODS THAT USE DOT NOTATION ONLY WORK WITH STRINGS
So.. there's the difference between them.
len() returns the length of anything, not just strings
Place where we write code is the editor
Console is where result of code is shown
Print displays code in the console (works on non-strings, but only by converting 'em to strings, so?)
Strings can still be combined using concantenation. 
It's basically like adding strings together. 
They're just... spliced end to end. There is NO automatic spacing, or arranging, or anything like that.
<print "spam " + "eggs"
#outputs "spam eggs">
Oh also concantenation is done with the plus sign. +. FYI
<print "spam " and "and " and "eggs"> Only outputs "eggs". I wonder why?
Concantenation does NOT work on non-strings. That is to say, python will not convert shit into strings just so you can concantenate.
Workaround, if you have shit you wanna concantenate that ain't strings: use str()
<print str(2) + " eggs"
#outputs "2 eggs">
wow
